Generic Webhook enhancements (#27478)
demisto/content: Packs/GenericWebhook/ReleaseNotes/1_0_25.md

#### Integrations

##### Generic Webhook

> - Added the request header information to the output.
> - Updated the output to include a separate key for request headers inside raw_json field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the output to include a separate key for the request headers inside the rawJSON field.
```
